
# RemoteBuilder

This project is developed in C#.NET Visual studio. It is a federation of servers employing, mainly, process pool, thread safe message queues, MPI based WCF and WPF.

**Project Workings**
This project is eseentially a automated builder and test harness for c# source code files.  
User/developer can deploy the software and just run it.  
*User/developer need to open the visual stuio or developer command prompt in admin mode.*  
User/deploy needs to provdie the C# source code files and follow the commands in the GUI.  
User/deploy can see the results of the building and testing of files on the command prompts.  




**Automated Demo**  
- commandline starts up Client GUI alone. A method is called in Client's constructor such  
that mockrepository, motherBuilder and motherTestHarness are started. Also 2 number of child  
builder and child testHarnesses processes are started up. Then XML build request structure  
is being sent to repository using WCF postMessage.  Build request XML is generated by the  
mockRepository and persisted. Buildrequest xml is sent to mother builder by the mockrepo  
on request from the client. Mother builder inturn sends the xml request string to avalable  
child builder which builds the dll files, generates testRequest XMl and sends it to the  
motherTestHarness which then forwards to the available childTestHarness. childTestHarness  
then requests the appropriate childBuilder for dll files. once it gets them the tests are  
executed, logs are sent to the folder: \remoteBuilderProtoype\MockRepository\ServiceFileStore  

**Using The App**  

- GUI can be operated by providing the operatiions in the following manner:
  - provide number of processes.[ will be disabled now as processes are atuomatically started for demonstration. It becomes availabel again if Quit is clicked.]
  - ENTER START
  - enter author name for the build request generation
  - enter test name [ every test name for a given author must be different]
  - double click in the testDriverSubDirectories for fetching files and subdirectories from the mockRepo.
  - select[only one] any file for testDriver and click testDriver.
  - similarly repeat for the testedFIles.[ except that multiple files can be chosen]
  - click add test.
  - if multiple test structures are to be added to the same Buildrequest then repeat 4 to 8.
  - clcik Create XML to send the build request generation content to mockRepo, generate XML and perist in mockRepo.
  - click Build [ to fetch, from mockRepo, list of xml build requests created in the above process ]
  - click QUITbuilder button for quitting all processes, except GUI. 
  - can restart all the servers by following step 1. 